the book is set in a town called
Corrigan which is a fictional regional
town I decided to set it fictionally
because I like the idea of creating my
own architecture and creating my own
country town partly because of cowardice
I didn't want to be run out of any towns
but also because you know I like the
idea of you know having this kind of
universally recognizable country town in
Australia I wanted it to read quite
broadly and so Corrigan in the mid-60s
where the book is set is this quite
oppressive quite conservative town where
everybody knows each other's business I
decided to set the book in the 1960s
firstly because I set out to write a
book of Southern gothic fiction and more
or less because I wanted to have a go I
just really loved southern gothic works
for some reason I can't quite adequately
put my finger on that I just really love
that ilk of literature it has a very
strong emotional connection with me and
so I love the idea of crafting an
Australian Gothic piece and I think
setting it in the mid 60s was just a way
initially for me to have it read more
authentically as a work of gothic
fiction but I soon discovered that given
that the book is really about
coming-of-age and the differences I
think between coming-of-age and becoming
adult the reason I said it in the 60s I
think subconsciously perhaps is that the
60s in Australia particularly is sort of
held aloft as this bastion of social
politics where Australia came of age but
I guess it's my contention on a few
levels that maybe we didn't really come
of age I think one of the reasons it's
so immediately identifiable is that not
so much as moved on or not as much as we
tend to give ourselves credit for